# OnlineChess

## Builds
![GitHub] (https://img.shields.io/travis/com/uchihanaruto9371/OnlineChess?color=purple&label=Last%20Push&logo=travis&style=for-the-badge)

Client/server based web api for playing chess. Describtion of the functionality:

This project represents a web site to play
some online chess. It is mobile friendly 
and can be played from a phone. The 
connection is established by web sockets 
and can be played on a LAN connection. 
This site is basicaly an advanced chat 
where instead of messages the players send 
each other notation for the next move. 
After each move the current board 
placement is showed on the display. There 
are private rooms for the players so that 
when you find a match noone will bother 
you. There are also lobbies which will be 
public for all the players in the LAN. 
There you can ask questions, see the 
current chess news or you can go to see 
the rules of playing chess. When you login 
into our website you will create a room 
for your own chess party. Also you will be 
able to see all the other available rooms 
to challange. When a party is started both 
your and your oponent`s rooms will not be 
visible for the other players.